hey everyone its Michelle and Lori
welcome to purely talk the place become
really fit in all parts of life today's
video is a request we've gotten we show
a lot of pictures of us doing our
workouts here at home and we always are
wearing different types of we're not
wearing anything on our feet for that
matter and you also see if you are in
are purely Fit Power Program our home
workout program you'll see a lot of our
videos we are most likely in bare feet
and so we've gotten a lot of you guys
asking us how do we pick how do we pick
what shoes sorry about that how do we
pick what shoes do our workouts in so we
thought that would be kind of fun thing
to talk about and some here we go
okay so like Michelle mentioned we tend
to do a lot of our works and we do all
of our workouts at home in the comfort
of our own home in a room we just I
don't know why we just do we just
gravitate towards being barefoot we'd
like to connect I guess our biggest
thing you could turn my phone off sorry
about that guy um look that's the
biggest reason why we like to wear our
bare feet is because we feel it helps us
get more connection with with earth with
the grounds that makes it feel stronger
and it's a great way we feel to build up
strength in your feet yeah and you can
really when you work out
barefoot we really like it so I
mentioned feeling the connection you can
really feel all your I thought I can
feel my muscles working more now that
might sound kind of weird but I feel
like spikes actually having my feet
touching and feeling the movement I can
actually feel my muscles working
throughout the whole body and honestly
it all another reason to is laziness for
at least for me I don't know about Lori
but sometimes my shoes are downstairs
and I don't feel like going down and
getting them or whatever they're in
another room I just don't a lot of to be
honest that's not for me sometimes it's
just laziness you know just want to get
in there get to our workouts and get
going we've been doing barefoot
workouts like barefoot for a while now
so our feet are used to it so if you
want to try it out you might have to
kind of just do it a few times a week
until you build up so you can be able to
do it I mean you don't have to it's not
something you have you could still wear
your tennis shoes or whatever you like
it's something that you want us to do
yeah
and we also do a lot of like stretching
normally after a workout so having just
no shoes on helps us get to that a
little bit better for some reason I
don't know why so that was one reason
but we do have other shoes that we wear
in a workout so we'll go over those our
first one of next that gets kind of
again the whole concept of barefoot
working out barefoot running is from
Vibram FiveFingers
I believe it's the whole company's name
yet but we've got these maybe a little
over two years ago and we wear them
every once in a while again same shoot
mm we don't wear them outside I know a
lot of people running them just keep
something like that and we for several
sets are kind of an expensive shoe we
didn't want to get them dirty a run
through them that quickly so we only
really wear them inside and I get it a
lot of it comes down to the two if you
feel like wearing it there's no really
rhyme or reason why do we do it some
days we do it than some days we don't
just whenever we kind of feel like that
day I guess I'm gonna get you more
filming and you're like bass stuff
sometimes we tend to wear them in
advance again the whole concept is it's
so fits like your career like you're
walking on the ground normally so again
we like basically Fargo barefoot you
want it you want that maybe it won't let
you start wearing them outdoors since I
guess they're older now maybe we could
and then that way we get a new pair for
indoors but you know but we like these
so we recommend these to give you the
inference and then there's another great
way to build that strength in your foot
they're all different brands until
knockoffs and fine ones are kind of
expensive so again do whatever fits into
your budget and your lifestyle what you
like it what your feet like yeah maybe
go try them on or whatever and then we
also normally our tennis shoes we kind
of range we will have I've liked who
knows we like we like and most respects
last year we got RIBA Reeboks and they
are the smooth flex ones and I really
like them one the ID likes the colors
all the telling them all their skin it's
like but not mean that's the little I've
always gravitates Nike freeze to us the
colors but also Nike freeze we started
wearing it that's 2009 maybe even
ordered when we started running
marathons
we liked the light like my likeness and
so that kind of helped us lead into us
where in the mine runs and the barefoot
tubas we've kind of been dealing with
this but the future a little bit more of
a tennis shoe probably wear this
definitely if you work outside if we go
work out outside we always have tennis
shoes on and if I worked out in the gym
still I probably would still maybe wear
tennis shoes maybe a canoe in the mine
where you probably want to wear a bear
suit in the gym that's kind of gross
just that you know a couple of road yeah
but anyway we hope that answers your
questions on why we always tend to work
out in our bare feet and yeah she
mentioned another well great majority
99% of our workouts we do a barefoot and
I hope you guys have enjoyed this kind
of fun frauds and like and this makes it
feel more real and alive to us check it
like we feel just connected to the earth
and it's kind of odd but I know we still
loved tennis shoes and other things to
work out and one helps complete the
outfit or whatever so just you know
those just are reasons you know what do
you wear when you work out do you have a
rhyme or reason for your Footwear choice
and do you ever tried working out in the
complete barefoot and if so how did you
like it let us know down below leave a
comment make sure you like this video
and subscribe she never meant any of our
videos and workouts which are every
Monday for movement Monday yes
thanks again guys and we'll see you guys
next week